hi guys it's here ancient origins this
year and for whatever reason I knew
there was supposed to ease on wednesday
/ walmart had it so I wall my was
completely almost cleaned out we got
everything that they had left which
includes six booster packs three blister
packs and 23 Pokemon boost pack blisters
Kevin what are you doin a I'm gonna open
ancient origins booster packs are you
say yeah
now these costs a lot of money so we're
going to break these videos up so I yeah
we can kind of milk what we got so we're
going to open these three first hour
until we get something good we have all
those over there yeah all right driven
open the first one which one you want to
open Omega R appraiser okay we started
having pulled the Megara quiz in the
marine scribe but we pull the shiny one
here now more than makes up for it so
German I believe you yeah okay all right
ain't she gorgeous open it you're gonna
do the credit check
Oh
alright so first card is have it this
one here let's hang a strainer gloom EV
oh that's so cute that's my girlfriend
too quagmire i also tried night combi
miele oddish and oh that's so cool it's
a flareon that's my second favorite
Eevee evolution the last part is a shiny
jolteon awesome you got a hollow on the
first pack I think those two are rare
yeah we got a Jolteon enough flair yes
fantastic awesome you got a hollow on
the first pack alright driven open the
next pack all right we're gonna save the
Buster for last open that tyranitar so
yeah if we don't get like a extra
something we're just gonna keep open
these presents as we get on so hopefully
we just get them soon so we can really
send out these videos I know you guys
can't wait play this was really a lot of
money and we're going to try to raffle
off some of these cards so I thank you
for that oh and looking
good card trick
ok
and first card is pretty sure
anthro spirit of the poor yah so we have
we basically just saw all three of the
EDM nations all from like red curtain
and blue version which was the game
that's your thing are you wondering oh
go look all right I've no idea it's a
goalie yeah it's a goalie fitchburg
Ralts punish again in K come be the
result Craig's I that's so cool and it's
a garter hoard oh that is beautiful look
at that car too oh we got two hollows
awesome do too bad we got two hollows
and all of the eevee evolutions from
from from the original by Jared open the
blister boyceavenue your worst enemy are
these blister packs I try to avoid
flying blister packs just because I know
you're just a bit of coin it's like
sleep anymore
alright but check out this chassis card
that came with the blister if I can get
into focus or brisée that's pretty cool
and then the coin is to fire pokemon
sorry which I don't know
yeah he's cold Carter all over the place
you
alright so this card is a rubber ball
save a life
hey Liz any version ball toy inkay goomy
build them I don't know I press 0
reverse' reverse holo ah ball to us
awesome or we got a full hour afro PX
that's so cool Jeremy we got our first
full line of this set isn't it cool yeah
yeah oh my gosh it's beautiful that's
the first time we open ancient origins
we got amazing pools we got two hollows
including that Gardevoir and we got all
the eevee evolutions booting a shiny
jolteon along with a Vaporeon flareon
and of course we got a fuller and froze
i have no idea how to pronounce a name
for we gonna fly
driven we got some pretty awesome cars
from ancient origins huh yeah yeah yeah
yeah well it's time to go